Extend CTS VP8 encoder and decoder tests - b/11990571.

- Change basic test to encode video streams with a set of bitrates and
  verify that actual bitrate values are close to the target.

- Add encoding and decoding quality statistics to the tests.

- Add video quality test, which will encode and decode video stream at
  various bitrates, check PSNR, verifies that video streams with higher
  bitrates have higher PSNR and compare PSNR values of platform
  specific and pure SW video codecs.

- Add function to select platform specific VP8 codec.

- Add YUV420p->NV12 and NV12->YUV420p color space conversions.

- Add support for a few variants of NV12 color space to encoder input
  and decoder output.

- Tested on N4 and N5 devices. Code currently supports
  a few Qualcomm specific color space formats. This part may need
  to be extended later for other devices if any non standard
  color formats will be used.

- Some test results for N4 and N5 device:

a) PSNR values calculated for 9 seconds of football_qvga
   QVGA 30 fps video:
  300 kbps: SW codec PSNR: 33.1 dB. HW codec PSNR: 32.5 dB.
  500 kbps: SW codec PSNR: 35.2 dB. HW codec PSNR: 34.9 dB.
  700 kbps: SW codec PSNR: 36.6 dB. HW codec PSNR: 36.7 dB.
  900 kbps: SW codec PSNR: 37.8 dB. HW codec PSNR: 38.0 dB.
b) Force key frame requests to the HW codec are working well giving
   key frame interval value exactly as was requested. For SW
   codec generated key frames may appear 2 frames after the request
   was actually made.
c) Dynamic bitrate change is also working well for N5 device - the
   transition to new bitrate is fast and generated bitrate after the
   change request follows the target value close enough.
   For SW codec dynamic bitrate change is not working well
   (b/12908952) - actual bitrate value after the adjustment is
   too different from the expected one.

   - 10% bitrate difference number came mainly from experiments with various bitrate settings for SW and HW VP8 encoder. There always should be some deviation from target bitrate and this difference should decrease as the encoding duration increases, plus the encoder rate control settings and vbr/cbr should also affect it. Sorry, I am not aware what CDD is.
   
   - One Qualcomm specific color space is defined in SDK http://developer.android.com/reference/android/media/MediaCodecInfo.CodecCapabilities.html
   However Qualcomm VP8 encoder generates one additional color space, which is not in SDK (OMX_COLOR_QCOM_FORMATYUV420PackedSemiPlanar32m), but test need to support it to process decoder output correctly.
   I think in the future this color space may be documented and added to MediaCodecInfo.CodecCapabilities.   
   